c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\bin\Debug\ThePhotoStore.xbf
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\bin\Debug\ThePhotoStore.xr.xml
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\bin\Debug\ThePhotoStore.exe
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\bin\Debug\ThePhotoStore.pdb
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\bin\Debug\ThePhotoStore.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\ThePhotoStore.g.i.cs
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\ThePhotoStore.g.cs
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\ThePhotoStore.xaml
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\ThePhotoStore.xbf
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\ThePhotoStore.exe
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\ThePhotoStore.pdb
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\FolderPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\FolderPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\PhotoPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\PhotoPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\Save.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\Save.g.cs
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\ViewPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\ViewPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\FolderPage.xaml
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\PhotoPage.xaml
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\Save.xaml
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\ViewPage.xaml
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\FolderPage.xbf
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\PhotoPage.xbf
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\Save.xbf
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\ViewPage.xbf
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\bin\Debug\FolderPage.xbf
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\bin\Debug\PhotoPage.xbf
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\bin\Debug\Save.xbf
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\bin\Debug\ViewPage.xbf
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\bin\Debug\Themes\Generic.xbf
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.g.cs
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.xaml
C:\Users\Michelle\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThePhotoStore\ThePhotoStore\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.xbf
